hey guys I'm Lexi and I'm Indiana today
we are gonna be playing a few rounds of
truth or dare with the cast of Netflix's
new movie tall girl yeah we won't
achieve a big thanks to Netflix -
sponsoring this video so this film is
all about the growing pains of being the
tallest girl in school and always
standing out
that's right Jodie has always been
uncomfortable with her height but once a
tall and huge Swedish foreign exchange
student comes to school and starts an
interesting love triangle her whole
world turns upside down the stars of
that love triangle are here with us
today we got even the shell of your
place Jodie Luc Eisner to place teak and
Griffon Glock you plates Dunkleman all
ready to play some truth or dare so we
can get to know a little bit more about
their characters as well as the actors
themselves we hit through there's our
note cards underneath everybody seats so
nobody knows what's coming your way
let's play some truth we'll do that oh
wow you're up let's see okay catch
popcorn kernels thrown at your mouth
with your arms behind your back
[Music]
so who's next
Griffin honey I see
give it something juicy in the film Jodi
goes on a painfully awkward shopping
trip with her mom and sister I look like
grandma's couch or a beautiful mermaid
princess okay know what was buying
clothes like for you as a kid buying
clothes for me as a kid was was tough
because I'm super small no clothes fit
me even when I was like probably like 15
or 16 I have to wear like the size for
12 year olds and that only stopped like
this year I'm rising up jeans are always
and always will be my challenge my mom
was really cool like she used to like
buy pants that I would like but they
were always too big on the waist but it
would fit my legs you know she would
sell them for me
hey ah let's go
[Applause]
debt as many action charades done in
under 30 seconds alright next god let's
see
[Music]
in the movie Jodi debates what it would
be like to be shorter if you were tall
or short for an hour what is the first
thing you try to do if I was tall for an
hour
I'd probably go to the grocery store and
like get everything that I went away to
otherwise if I was short for an hour I
would go to a dance class because I've
always wondered like what it would be
like to dance when I didn't have legs
that were 5 foot it looks like a
hide-and-go-seek would be really good oh
yeah so many great places there shove as
many marshmallows as you can into your
mouth and try to clearly state the name
of your high school crush where the
marshmallow is that lets go or steer
this thing
[Music]
anybody else
I was given a hard time but it was good
okay so I'm so sorry
oh and the truth comes out in the film
Jody's parents embarrass her about her
height a lot Christmases chairman of the
tip stoppers seven years running
your parents were so kind to open up
their home for us for our weekly chapter
meme chapter meeting for what for our
talk
what's the most cringe-worthy thing your
parents have done to make you feel
better oh my gosh the most embarrassing
that my mom has ever done to make me
feel better oh my gosh oh my gosh I know
why I was I really like crushing on this
guy I was like released Tabitha's he
asked the cute popular girl to go to the
school disco to make me feel better she
called his mom did it work I've actually
got a good story my mom was like you
know Griffin like every time I see you
you look like you're growing up like a
little bit more like you finally grown
into your body you've kind of grown into
your ears and if you give it like a few
more years I think you'll grow into your
nose too thank you she was like no that
was a compliment I was like wow okay
next card
truth in the movie Jody doesn't want to
be seen as the tall girl she wants to be
seen for who she is inside
what is it straight you admire about
yourself or you think people don't know
about you I actually love to read a big
reader all right
I know and in high school I used to have
to like sneak in books like the ten
there was something else that because
you felt like people just looked at you
as like somebody and like that was an
athlete yeah totally no I think a lot of
my guy friends gave me a hard time for
liking like gushy romantic books and I
just did so yeah I mean no glasses but a
bookworm that's me yeah hat will get
tossed at you from across the room can
you get them to land on your head
[Music]
and the last one goes to truth now that
you survived high school what is a piece
of advice that you would give your
younger self always be yourself you
don't let anyone tell you you can't
because you can and if you push through
all of those hard times something
amazing is gonna happen no matter what
which I think this is kind of proving I
would tell my younger self to stand tall
and anything that you do whether its
height or just self-confidence
congratulations on all of your
achievements guys that's incredible
thank you thanks for staying with us
it's so fun I still want to know who you
crushed was but I'm at
I loved what Avis said about sanding
tool yeah stand tall and strong high
five to that higher five it's an inside
joke from the movie I am so stoked to
see Ava Luke angriff and bring the highs
and the lows of growing up to the screen
be sure which tool go on Netflix right
now and remember if you like this video
be sure to give it a big thumbs up and
subscribe to a TV and also click the
link in the description to see more top
real content